#Reversal City         
##AKA Homeward Bound
Reversal City is the server's official roleplay, in which the Fredditors go through all kinds of things. Reversal City is mainly a science fiction RP, but sometimes there's humor.
#PREVIOUS RPS COMPLETED
#SALADO
The prologue to Freddit Invasion II. Dry detects a glitchy signal from an unknown presence, troubling him. He goes to tell Psy about the signal, and how he plans to build five drone machines to attack the aliens once they arrive. He also brings Soda, Cherry and Spurr with him. Dry explains that they need to go to the Salado Desert for this. Dry explains the reasons why they are here. Psy collects parts for the Drones and begins to build drones. Hours later, when everything is set up, everything seems prepared. However, something else gets there first. Something else comes earlier than expected. It's 5 people from Dry's species, he Dryzians. And they're in the RDA (*R*ainbow *D*erp *A*gency) here to arrest Drydon for his illegal science activites. As they cuff & drag Dry off into their UFO while he kicks and screams, another UFO arrives. The Spurrians are back..And the Dryzian Chief, Chief Graz, are annoyed by their random appearance and demands they leave at once. The Spurrian Leader merely laughs, and the Dryzians ready their laser rifles, which the Spurrians do as well. Dry is trapped inside the RDA UFO, cuffed and not able to do anything. All he can do is watch while the Spurrians and the Dryzians engage in gunfight...
#INVASION 2: PART 1. IT COMES                  
The group of Fredditors have already gotten into enough trouble with the RDA. Now, the Spurrians have returned, and they want revenge. After a long gunfight with the Dryzians, everyone retreats indoors. The mothership parks in its place, and the UFOs destroy some of the city. They are suddenly teleported into another dimension and/or timeline. They take this power to travel across different timelines, trying to find the safest one. However, they find themselves trapped in a universe where the Spurrians won. They find an old Orb who has been the only survivor. Unfortunately, he kills the current Orb in panic. They use an emergency teleport to find themselves back in RPcity, where they finally discover the real destruction.
The older Orb finally discovers that the Spurrians in our timeline are going to take OrbCorps two deadliest powers- the portal generator and the Eradicator
